Add resource_kubernetes_env (#1838)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-kubernetes: website/docs/r/env.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "core/v1"
layout: "kubernetes"
page_title: "Kubernetes: kubernetes_env"
description: |-
  The resource provides mechanisms to inject containers with environment variables 
  that are managed specifically by Terraform.
---

# kubernetes_env

> 

Reviewer: I think you accidentally deleted the line that was supposed to be here. We need a short description here.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "kubernetes_env" "example" {
  container = "nginx"
  metadata {
    name = "nginx-deployment"
  }

  api_version = "apps/v1"
  kind        = "Deployment"

  env {
    name  = "NGINX_HOST"
    value = "google.com"
  }

  env {
    name  = "NGINX_PORT"
    value = "90"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `api_version` - (Required) The apiVersion of the resource to add environment variables to.
* `kind` - (Required) The kind of the resource to add environment variables to.
* `metadata` - (Required) Standard metadata of the resource to add environment variables to. 
* `container` - (Required) Name of the container for which we are updating the environment variables.
* `env` - (Required) Value block with custom values used to represent environment variables

> * `force` - (Optional) Force management of environment variables if there is a conflict.

Reviewer: Need to add `field_manager` too.

---
subcategory: "core/v1"
layout: "kubernetes"
page_title: "Kubernetes: kubernetes_env"
description: |-
  The resource provides mechanisms to inject containers with environment variables 
  that are managed specifically by Terraform.
---

# kubernetes_env

> The resource provides mechanisms to inject containers with environment variables 
> that are managed specifically by Terraform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This resource provides a way to manage environment variables on existing Kubernetes resources that were created outside of Terraform.
```

> Environment variables can be used to store fine-grained information such as port numbers and host names.

Reviewer: I would say this line is not needed as they probably know what an environment variable is if they're looking at this page.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "kubernetes_env" "example" {
  container = "nginx"
  metadata {
    name = "nginx-deployment"
  }

  api_version = "apps/v1"
  kind        = "Deployment"

  env {
    name  = "NGINX_HOST"
    value = "google.com"
  }

  env {
    name  = "NGINX_PORT"
    value = "90"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `api_version` - (Required) The apiVersion of the resource to be labelled.

Reviewer: You have a bunch of copypasta from the `kubernetes_labels` resource. You'll want to replace `resource to be labelled` with `resource to add environment variables to`.
